*What is Network?
Network is the interconection of the resorces such as Laptop,PC,Printer,etc
We can communicate,resourse sharing is happned.
It can be Wierd and Wireless
There are types of Netowrk
1)LAN(Local Area Network)
 e.g.Home resources such as PC,Laptop,Mobile is connnected to Home router.
2)MAN(Metropolitan Area Netowrk)
 e.g.Interconnected City such as Delhi,Hariyana,Mumbai are connected to each other such as ABC bank branches are in these cities and they are interconnected to each other.
3)WAN(Wide area netowrk)
e.g.Different countries are interconnected to each other such as India ,US,Japan,etc.

*What is Internet?Interconnected Netowrk)
It is a gloab system,where networks are interconnect to each other.
It is super set where billion of device are exist and they can connected to each other.
WWW is the subset of Internet.
WWW consist of all document or media with the help of internet we can acess to them.
*IP addresss?
In internet to identify ecah entity or resource it has a unique IP address 
*What is Browser?
The tool through which we can access all the doc,reourses,website,web app,etc.E.g.Google chrome,oppera,firefox,etc
*What is Browser Engine?
It is a backend program of the browser who can help us to rendering our request to its destination.e.g,Blink,webkit,etc.
*Client Server Architecture?
Client can request to Server and Server respond to client
Types of request?
get-through which client want or ask something from Server.(fetch)
post-through which client gives data to server.(create)
put-update data on server.e.g Chnage love bababr to loviely bababr.(update)
delete-remove data from server.(delete)
Client can be browser,laptop,PC,Mobile,App,CMD.
Server-on which actual data and logical processing logic is exist.It can be Database Server,File Server,Application Server,Web Server,Email Server,etc.

Example:-
If user wnat www.facebook.com
1)User will use Laptop as Client and through browser it serach for www.facebook.com
2)Basically www.facebook.com is a Domain name and as such there is nothing exist in internet so to convert domain name into IP adress DNS(Domain Name Server) server exist.
3)Let say DNS gives IP adress for www.facebook.com is 192.170.210.07 and then request is send to that IP adress and then FaceBook server will give response to client.







