*History of Internect?
1960-ARPANET Project in which it is decides that to send data in small chunks called packets.
1970-180-DNS(Domain Name)-In which the url converte into IP adress and henceforth www is strated.
1990-Email,shopping,message is invent.
2000-FaceBook and Mobile is usecase is increased.
Today-Anything is possible.
*ISP(Internet service provider)
-jio,artile,bsnl,etc.
ISP thriugh we can acess internet.
ISP provide IP adress to machine.
*What is Packet?
break file into samll chunks and send it to destinatio and at destination reunion these chuncks and form a file agian.
*Protocol?
Set of rules(Gmail is uses SMTP(simple message transfer protocol)
hhtp/https
ftp
smtp
*Protocol Stack?
Client wants to write mail through Gmail APP.

Client Side:
1)Application Layer-specific app such as Gmail and their Protocol SMTP.
2)TCP-add port no. to request.
3)IP-add destination and sorce IP address to request
4)Hardware-uses any medium such as wired or wireless.
         Internet
Server Side:

1)Hardware-uses any medium such as wired or wireless.
2)IP-see the sourese  IP address of request
3)TCP-see port no. to request.
4)Application Layer-specific app such as Gmail and their Protocol SMTP.

*Packet travel?
When client send any data through router then it recieves by ISP then ISP check that am I known to this IP address? if yees then it send to router then router will send it destination.

Example:
Client send requested www.google.com--->DNS(convert www.google.com to IP address)---->Local ISP(it says I'm not aware about this IP adress lets send it to regional ISP)--->Regional ISP(it also says I'm not aware about this IP adress lets send it to National ISP)---->NSP (it says I'm aware about this IP adress)--->Router(check in their routing table if this IP adress is not in their routing table then it sends to their Parent router)---->Parent Router(check in their routing table if this IP adress is not in their routing table then it sends to their Parent router)--->Router(yes it is Exists)---->Destination.


